README.md, before:

# Project: Calculator

> Project was about creating a calculator with React
![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

## Built With
- CSS
- Javascript
- React

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://calculator-project-react.herokuapp.com/)

## Getting Started

**To get a copy of the code please click on the green button on the top right corner that says Code**

### Prerequisites

- Node installed on your computer
- Npm as well

### Install

**Now to clone it to your local machine please open your terminal and paste this code `git@github.com:cvilla714/calculator-react.git`**

**Then you can go into the directory by typig `cd calculator-react `**

**Finally just type this command `npm install` this will install all of the depnedecies for the project**

### Usage

**Once you have gone through the process of installing the code you now run this command `npm run start` this will start the app and a new window will open in your browser with the app ready to be use**

## Authors

👤 **Cosmel Villalobos**

- Github: [@cvilla714](https://github.com/cvilla714)
- Twitter: [@kckeyti](https://twitter.com/kckeyti)
- LinkedIn: [Cosmel Villalobos](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cosvilla/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/cvilla714/calculator-react/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/cvilla714/calculator-react/blob/development/LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

added new information on new technologies used to build the project and adding the test intructions

README.md, after:

# Project: Calculator

> Project was about creating a calculator with React
> ![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

## Built With

- CSS
- Javascript
- Jess
- React-Bootstrap
- React

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://calculator-project-react.herokuapp.com/)

## Getting Started

**To get a copy of the code please click on the green button on the top right corner that says Code**

### Prerequisites

- Node installed on your computer
- Npm as well

### Install

**Now to clone it to your local machine please open your terminal and paste this code `git@github.com:cvilla714/calculator-react.git`**

**Then you can go into the directory by typig `cd calculator-react `**

**Finally just type this command `npm install` this will install all of the depnedecies for the project**

### Usage

**Once you have gone through the process of installing the code you now run this command `npm run start` this will start the app and a new window will open in your browser with the app ready to be use**

### Testing

**For testing just run the following command `npm run test` and after the first test has run please click the option 'a' to run the rest of the tests**

## Authors

👤 **Cosmel Villalobos**

- Github: [@cvilla714](https://github.com/cvilla714)
- Twitter: [@kckeyti](https://twitter.com/kckeyti)
- LinkedIn: [Cosmel Villalobos](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cosvilla/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/cvilla714/calculator-react/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/cvilla714/calculator-react/blob/development/LICENSE) licensed.
